Books, periodicals, and information are available to country people in the following ways:
While the books, periodicals and other informations available to the country people are given in the following ways:

Free loans of books on a population basis to libraries controlled by the local authorities, which in turn agree to make their libraries free and to maintain reasonable standards of library service.
Free loans of books to libraries controlled by the local authorities so that they do not charge any thing for using the library and maintain the reasonable standard of library.

Loans of books to independent subscription public libraries at small annual charge per fifty books loaned.
Loans with a very little charge to independent subscription public libraries, charged on each set of 50 books.

Loans of books through hamper collections to isolated groups of readers at a small annual charge.
Loans of books to isolated group of readers at a small annual charge through hamper collections.

Free loans of books to lighthouse keepers and similar very remote reader.
Free loans of books for lighthouse keepers and very remote reader.

All the restrictions upon the authority of the State legislatures furnish examples of it.
The restrictions put on the authority of the State legislature gives examples to understand it better. 

Should paper money, notwithstanding, be emited, the controversies concerning it would be cases arising under the Constitution and not the laws of the United States, in the ordinary signification of the terms.
However, if paper money is emited, then the controversies regarding it will come under the case of the Constitution and not the laws of the United States.

I will now endeavor to show why the new cable will not be liable to this difficulty, to anything like the same extent.
I will now endeavor to display why the new twisted cord will not be liable to this adversity, to any thing like the identical extent.

I have alluded to the resistance offered by the conductor of a telegraph-cable to the passage of an electric current, and to the retardation of this current by static induction.
I have alluded to the opposition suggested by the conductor of a telegraph-cable to the route of an electric driven present, and to the retardation of this present by static induction.

The terms retardation and resistance are not considered technically synonymous, but are intended, as electrical terms, to designate two very different forces. 
The periods retardation and opposition are not advised mechanically synonymous, but are proposed, as electric periods, to designate two very distinct forces.

The resistance of a wire, as we have seen above, is proportional to its length, and inversely to its diameter.
The opposition of a cable, as we have glimpsed overhead, is proportional to its extent, and inversely to its diameter.

It is overcome by increasing the number of cells in the battery, or, in other words, by increasing the intensity or force of the current.
 It is overwhelm by expanding the number of units in the electric battery, or, in other phrases, by expanding the power or force of the current.
