Is the pyramid still remaining?
Does the pyramid still stand?

If it doesn't, who ordered it demolished and when?
If not, when was it taken down or destroyed, and by whom or by whose authority?

I am desirous of ascertaining whether any of our public schools possess any libraries for the general reading of the scholars, in which I do not include mere school-books of Latin, Greek, &c., which, I presume, they all possess, but such as travels, biographies, &c.
I want to determine whether some of our public schools have libraries for the general treatment of academics, which include not only school books in Latin, Greek, etc, involving everyone, but as travel, biographies , etc.

Fresh Boys schools in general, seem to know anything about the general reading, and weak information I have, I fear that something is in the form of a library in any of them.
Boys fresh from these schools appear generally to know nothing of general reading, and from the slight information I have, I fear there is nothing in the way of a library in any of them.

An anecdote is current at the Queen Elizabeth has in his later days, if not during his last illness, asked for a mirror of truth for a long time previously used by someone was somehow deliberately falsified.
An anecdote is current of Queen Elizabeth having in her later days, if not during her last illness, called for a true looking-glass, having for a long time previously made use of one that was in some manner purposely falsified.

or at least what is the authority that its turnover is mainly?
or at least what is the authority to which its circulation is mainly due?

A response from some of his contacts to one or other of these issues greatly oblige
An answer from some of your correspondents to one or other of these questions would greatly oblige

I have often heard in my childhood (the first part of this century) in the rural population of Oxon and Berks.
I have frequently heard it in my childhood (the early part of the present century) among the rural population of Oxon and Berks. 

 It is usually applied to the circumstances of melancholy or sad, but sometimes is used to express a peculiar state of feeling, being apparently intended to convey almost the same meaning as the boredom of the French. 
It was generally applied to circumstances of a melancholy or distressing character, but sometimes used to express a peculiar state of feeling, being apparently intended to convey nearly the same meaning as the ennui of the French.

Dressing as I did en Amazone seemed to afford them infinite glee; and when I arrived at the cloth nether garments of my riding-habit, they went into shrieks of laughter. 
I dressed as I did in Amazone seemed to have delighted them, and when I arrived at the nether garments shop of my horse riding-habit, they all bursted into laughter.

However, I put a bold face on it, and sallied forth to the square of the village, where I found the rest of our party.
Anyway I put a heavy face and ventured every corner of the village where I found the rest of our party. 

What have the descendants of the great Zenobia done to come to this?
Why are the children of Zenobia forced to endure this? 

We dined at the Shaykh's house, and had our coffee and pipes. 
We first ate at Shaykh's house and smoke our pipes.

Later we returned to our camp, which consisted of our five tents and ten for the eighty soldiers. 
Afterward, we returned to the camp - a space that accommodated up to eighty soldiers.

 By good luck I hit, and by better luck still they did not ask for a second.
 It was pure luck that I made that shot and that they didn't ask for another. 

She feared making any kind of proposal as such to her mother, she revealed, not desiring to awaken thoughts of objection, or causing her banishment to another room, that would cause the same destruction for our projects.
She said, however, that she was afraid to make any such proposal to her mother for fear of exciting suspicions as to her object, or of occasioning my removal to another room, which would be equally destructive for our projects.

If I had been a small tame dog which had unexpectedly sprung up to bite him, he could not have glared more venomously.
If I were a tame animal who had suddenly attacked him, he could not have displayed more wrath.

Books, periodicals, and information are available to country people in the following ways:
While the books, periodicals and other informations available to the country people are given in the following ways:

Free loans of books on a population basis to libraries controlled by the local authorities, which in turn agree to make their libraries free and to maintain reasonable standards of library service.
Free loans of books to libraries controlled by the local authorities so that they do not charge any thing for using the library and maintain the reasonable standard of library.

Loans of books to independent subscription public libraries at small annual charge per fifty books loaned.
Loans with a very little charge to independent subscription public libraries, charged on each set of 50 books.

Loans of books through hamper collections to isolated groups of readers at a small annual charge.
Loans of books to isolated group of readers at a small annual charge through hamper collections.

Free loans of books to lighthouse keepers and similar very remote reader.
Free loans of books for lighthouse keepers and very remote reader.

All the restrictions upon the authority of the State legislatures furnish examples of it.
The restrictions put on the authority of the State legislature gives examples to understand it better. 

Should paper money, notwithstanding, be emited, the controversies concerning it would be cases arising under the Constitution and not the laws of the United States, in the ordinary signification of the terms.
However, if paper money is emited, then the controversies regarding it will come under the case of the Constitution and not the laws of the United States.

I will now endeavor to show why the new cable will not be liable to this difficulty, to anything like the same extent.
I will now endeavor to display why the new twisted cord will not be liable to this adversity, to any thing like the identical extent.

I have alluded to the resistance offered by the conductor of a telegraph-cable to the passage of an electric current, and to the retardation of this current by static induction.
I have alluded to the opposition suggested by the conductor of a telegraph-cable to the route of an electric driven present, and to the retardation of this present by static induction.

The terms retardation and resistance are not considered technically synonymous, but are intended, as electrical terms, to designate two very different forces. 
The periods retardation and opposition are not advised mechanically synonymous, but are proposed, as electric periods, to designate two very distinct forces.

The resistance of a wire, as we have seen above, is proportional to its length, and inversely to its diameter.
The opposition of a cable, as we have glimpsed overhead, is proportional to its extent, and inversely to its diameter.

It is overcome by increasing the number of cells in the battery, or, in other words, by increasing the intensity or force of the current.
 It is overwhelm by expanding the number of units in the electric battery, or, in other phrases, by expanding the power or force of the current.

By this means a gradually increasing or decreasing current is at each instant indicated at its due strength. 
By this means a gradually increasing or decreasing latest is at each instant indicated at its due strength.

Thus, when this galvanometer is placed as the receiving-instrument at the end of a long submarine cable, the movement of the spot of light, consequent on the completion of a circuit through the battery, cable, and earth, can be so observed as to furnish a curve representing very accurately the arrival of an electric current.
Thus, when this galvanometer is spaced as the receiving-instrument at the end of a long submarine cable, the motion of the dot of light, consequent onto the completion of a circuit across the battery, cable, and earth, can be so saw as towards furnish a curve portraying very exactly the arrival of an electric current.
